Lexer Partnership Docs (#3189)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/customer_data_platform/lexer.md

![Integrating Braze in Lexer][1]

### Choosing an AWS S3 option (Lexer-managed or self-managed)
Using a Lexer-managed bucket is the preferred way of connecting Braze to your Lexer hub and will reduce the amount of setup needed. Lexer will provide the one-off details you will need to configure Braze.

If you have already connected an S3 bucket to Braze and are using it for other purposes, you will need to instead provide Lexer access to this self-managed bucket by following the steps above.

This integration works by providing Lexer with your existing API token and secrets, allowing Lexer to make these exports on your behalf. It also imports your Braze data into Lexer using these credentials and your S3 configuration to sync your data on both platforms automatically.

## Sending segments to Braze

### Step 1: Create activation

Lexer Activate will automatically update your Braze profiles, adding or removing attributes as customers enter and leave your segment.

1. In Lexer, in **Lexer Activations**, click **ACTIVATE NEW AUDIENCE**.
2. Select the appropriate Braze activation for this campaign.

> 3. Add your Segment.

Reviewer: It looks like this is the Braze segment and not the company Segment, so I believe it shouldn't be capitalized
```suggestion
3. Add your segment.
```

4. Update your audience name; this will become your attribute value in Braze.
5. This is the custom attribute we’ll be updating in Braze. Contact [Lexer support](support@lexer.io) to update.

> 6. Check the appropriate list action - in most cases, you’ll want to maintain your list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Check the appropriate list action—in most cases, you’ll want to maintain your list.
```

> 7. Agree to terms, and click **SEND AUDIENCE**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Review the terms and conditions, and click **SEND AUDIENCE**.
```
